Update high-level arch with MDM callouts (#44164)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/architecture/high-level-architecture.md

   - **TUF Server**: Provides secure updates for the agent components
   - **Telemetry**: Optional monitoring via Prometheus, OpenTelemetry, or Elastic APM
   - **External Logging**: Optional integration with external logging systems
   - **MDM Clients**: Consume APIs exposed by Fleet server to configure and control MDM (Mobile Device Management)-enrolled host devices. Generally provided by vendors like Apple, Microsoft, and Google as a component of the Operating System

>    - **Apple Business Manager (ABM) / DEP**: Apple cloud service Fleet syncs with to retrieve device assignments and deliver automatic enrollment profiles before first boot (i.e. before Fleet can directly interact with the device)

Reviewer: Presumably, this should be "Apple Business (AB)" now?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - **Apple Business (AB) / DEP**: Apple cloud service Fleet syncs with to retrieve device assignments and deliver automatic enrollment profiles before first boot (i.e. before Fleet can directly interact with the device)
```

   - **Windows Autopilot**: Microsoft cloud service Windows devices check in with at first boot to retrieve their MDM server info (Fleet's URL). Fleet does not communicate with Autopilot directly — the device is redirected to Fleet by Autopilot
   - **Google Android Management API**: Google cloud service Fleet uses to manage Android Enterprise devices, policies, and managed apps. Device-originated notifications (enrollment, status, commands) are delivered back to Fleet via Google Cloud Pub/Sub
   - **APNS (Apple Push Notification Service)**: Used by Fleet to wake Apple MDM clients so they check in for pending commands
   - **Certificate Authority / SCEP proxy**: Fleet acts as a SCEP proxy to external CAs — NDES, DigiCert, Smallstep, Hydrant, or a custom SCEP server — so that MDM-enrolled hosts can obtain identity/Wi-Fi/VPN certificates
   - **Azure AD (Entra ID)**: Issues JWTs to Windows devices during Autopilot sign-in; the device then presents that JWT as part of its enrollment request to Fleet. Fleet fetches Entra's JWKS to verify the token signature — it does not otherwise communicate with Entra

>    - **Apple VPP (Volume Purchase Program)**: App Store API Fleet syncs with to discover and manage licensed apps for MDM-enrolled Apple devices

Reviewer: If we're going for exhaustiveness (and since we mention the optional telemetry and logging external services, it may be the case), there's also Jira/Zendesk integrations, custom webhooks and (I think) Okta or bring-your-own IdP provider?
